update getting started docs with one-click install info (#260)
purduesigbots/pros-docs: v5/getting-started/index.rst

Getting Started
===============

If this is your first time working with PROS for V5, you've come to the right 

> place. This guides are designed to walk you through the PROS installation process

Author: ```suggestion
place. This guide is designed to walk you through the PROS installation process

```
